1.The best way to debug if a element isn't getting styled properly is by going to the browser and inspect that
particular element and see if there are any other css styling also that are getting applied on that particular
element, if yes, remove them or rename the element , etc.

2. onChange handlers doesn't work properly when u've registered that particular element in the internal state
of the react hook form, see why? Instead you can use the watch method of react hook form to get the current 
state of an element and u can use setValue to update the state of a element manually.

3. In mongoDB, while defining mongoose schema, using --
  { timestamps: true } // 👈 Adds createdAt & updatedAt automatically

4. We can also submit a form with a button that's outside the form by linking them, assign a id to the form
element and pass form = "form_id" in the opening tag of button, now they are linked together.

5. MongoDB automatically creates an _id field for each object inside the options array (in poll schema)
because subdocuments (objects within arrays in a schema) are treated as full-fledged documents by Mongoose.

6. Don't overthink too much and keep things simple,if u have an array of objects inside the schema, and u want
to choose a particular option from it using it's id, then why think so much? it's an array after all , just
use the find method to get it, simple. "USE UR MIND TOO, BREAK PROBLEMS INTO SMALLER CHUNKS".

7. While comparing two ids in mongoose, make sure to check their types, if one of them is object and another
one is a string it's will show undefined or error, so make both of them a string to compare.

8. If NaN is printing somewhere in console, try printing the type of the operators and check for spelling 
mistakes too, don't just go and open ChatGPT, try to debug yourself too.

9. What problem was occuring while designing the poll option 2 ::before, why the text was getting covered and
how it got fixed? see in SS. Also see how variable width was passed to the pseudo element.

10. You can't call useNavigate hook inside zustand store as it's plain js, so u can pass the navigate function
from somewhere else, maybe as a parameter to the function you're calling. Remember this from now on.

11. We can't use onChange on react hook form elements, instead we can use the watch method to track the state
of that element.

12. To provide a preview of the image wihtout even uploading them to cloudinary you can use a FileReader or 
URL.createObjectUrl api , these are built-in javascipt api, how to use it , how it works? See on Google and
chatGPT how it works, and add to notes.

13. Instead of doing DOM manipulation, you can conditionally change the styling on an element according to the
state of that element. U can change the class of the particular element or u can give it a style tag that 
shows styling according to the state, for example see PollOption.jsx for example.

14. U can create dynamic routes in react and use useParams() hook to get the parameter from the url and fetch
data for a particular user based on his id, like dynamic routes for visiting user's profile.

15. Search about Set and Map data structures in javascipt and why to use them instead or array for storing,
insertion, deletion ,etc, the lower the time & space complexity of a D.S. or function, better the performance.